                     Flickr pro Additional Terms of Service

   [Click [1]here to review the Flickr Gift Purchaser Terms]

   THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE APPLIED TO FLICKR PRO ACCOUNTS

1. ACCEPTANCE OF YAHOO! TERMS

   Welcome to Flickr pro. By using Flickr pro, you agree to these
   Additional Terms located at [2]http://www.flickr.com/atos/pro/ that
   supplement the Yahoo! Terms of Service (TOS) located at
   [3]http://www.flickr.com/utos_detect.gne which is incorporated by
   reference, and you further agree to comply with the Flickr Community
   Guidelines (Community Guidelines) located at
   [4]http://www.flickr.com/guidelines.gne.

   Yahoo! ("Flickr") reserves the right to update and change, from time to
   time, these Additional Terms and all documents incorporated by
   reference. You can always find the most recent version of this
   Additional Terms and the most recent version of the Yahoo! Terms of
   Service at the URL indicated above.

2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE

  2.1 Flickr pro

   Please click on the following link to learn what additional features
   Flickr Pro provides to subscribers [5]http://flickr.com/help/limits/#28

3. YAHOO! ID AND YAHOO! WALLET REQUIREMENT

   To participate in the Service, you must have a valid Yahoo! ID. You
   must also have a Yahoo! Wallet, which will save your credit card,
   billing and shipping information and other information (your
   "Registration Data"). If you do not have a Yahoo! ID or a Yahoo!
   Wallet, you will be prompted to complete the registration process for
   them before you can pay for the Services.

   To use Yahoo! Wallet, you must provide true, accurate, and current
   Registration Data and keep that information accurate. You, and not
   Yahoo!, are responsible for any and all purchases made through your
   Yahoo! Wallet account or in connection with your Yahoo! ID. Yahoo! is
   not responsible for unauthorized purchases or errors made using your
   Yahoo! ID or your Yahoo! Wallet account. You must resolve
   purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of
   your card to your credit card company, online payment service,
   merchant, or bank. Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may
   be limited by your card issuer's agreement with you and/or by
   applicable law. In addition to the uses of account information
   authorized by the TOS, Yahoo! may access, preserve, monitor and
   disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such
   action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or
   resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about the Service,
   provided, however, that nothing in this section shall impose a duty on
   Yahoo! to make any such disclosures.

4. PAYMENT TERMS

  4.1 General Terms

   The current fee for the Service you have selected will automatically
   and immediately be charged to your payment instrument or account on the
   date that you click on the "Purchase Order" button in the ordering
   process. Fees charged for one Service may not be credited towards other
   services. All currency references are in U.S. dollars.

  4.2 Payment for Subscription

   Payment occurs on a pre-pay basis and payment will not be automatically
   renewed at the end of the term. The amount you are to pay will depend
   upon which term of subscription you choose. For example, if you choose
   one year of Flickr pro, you will be charged for the one year price
   upfront. If you choose the two year term of Flickr pro, you will be
   charged for the entire two year price upfront. Please note: If you have
   received a Free pro Period, then you will not be charged for those days
   covered by the Free pro Period. You will be contacted in order to renew
   your Flickr pro account prior to the end of any expiration of the
   account (either the expiration of a Free pro Period or a paid Flickr
   pro term), at which point you may elect to purchase a new Flickr pro
   term. If you do not elect to purchase a new Flickr pro term, your
   account will automatically revert to a free Flickr account upon the
   expiration of your Flickr pro term or Free pro Period and will be
   subject to the limitations of a free Flickr account.

  4.4 Account Updater

   As a convenience to its users, Yahoo! subscribes to a third party
   service that can refresh expired credit card or debit card numbers with
   the numbers of replacement cards so that users' paid Services do not
   lapse because the payment instrument initially on file with Yahoo! has
   expired ("Account Updater"). By registering for the Service, you
   consent to Yahoo!'s disclosure of your registration information to this
   third party service and to that service's use of such information
   solely in connection with Account Updater. You also consent to Yahoo!'s
   receipt and use of updated credit card or debit card account
   information from your financial institution in connection with the
   provision of the Service as provided in the TOS, these Additional
   Terms, and the Yahoo! Privacy Policy.

  4.5 Fraud Protections

   To protect against potential fraud, Yahoo! may take steps to verify the
   validity of the credit card information you provide to us. The
   verification process may include debiting an amount between $0.01 and
   $0.99 from your credit card account and then immediately crediting the
   same amount back to your credit card, as well as asking you to verify
   the amount debited in order to confirm that you are in possession of
   your credit card. Yahoo! will only use this process to screen for fraud
   and will not otherwise debit your credit card account except as part of
   a transaction conducted through your account for the Service. By
   providing Yahoo! with your credit card information, you authorize
   Yahoo! to debit and credit your credit card account for an amount less
   than one dollar for such verification purposes.

  4.6 Cancellation of Subscription

   Please note, unless Flickr gives notice to the contrary, payment for
   subscriptions are non-refundable. If you cancel your subscription
   before the end of the term for which you paid, your cancellation will
   take effect immediately and you will not be given any refund.

  4.7 Termination

   If your credit card is invalid for any reason, your Flickr pro account
   will revert to a free Flickr account and will be subject to the
   limitations of a free Flickr account; provided, however, that Flickr
   reserves the right to cancel your account entirely in such case,
   whereupon all the information and content contained within it will be
   deleted permanently. Flickr accepts no liability for information or
   content that is deleted due to an invalid credit card.

5. FLICKR'S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

   Flickr expressly reserves the right to immediately modify, delete
   content from, suspend or terminate your account and refuse current or
   future use of any Yahoo! service, including Flickr pro, if Flickr, in
   its sole discretion believes you have: (i) violated or tried to violate
   the rights of others; or (ii) acted inconsistently with the spirit or
   letter of the TOS, the Community Guidelines or these Additional Terms.
   In such event, your Flickr pro account may be suspended or cancelled
   immediately in our discretion, all the information and content
   contained within it deleted permanently and you will not be entitled to
   any refund of any of the amounts you've paid for such account. Flickr
   accepts no liability for information or content that is deleted.

6. INDEMNITY

   You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Flickr, and its subsidiaries,
   affiliates, officers, agents, or other partners, and employees, from
   any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any
   third party due to or arising out of your use of and access to Flickr
   pro, your violation of the TOS, these Additional Terms or the Community
   Guidelines, your violation of any rights of another person or entity,
   or your violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

7. PRIVACY

   Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject
   to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy
   policy at [6]http://privacy.yahoo.com/.

8. AGE REQUIREMENTS FOR USE OF FLICKR PRO

   Flickr pro is available for individuals aged 13 years or older. If you
   are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review these terms
   and conditions with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and
   your parent or guardian understand and agree to these terms and
   conditions.

9. OBJECTIONABLE MATERIAL

   You understand that by using Flickr pro, you may encounter content that
   may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may
   or may not be identified as having explicit subject matter.
   Nevertheless, you agree to use Flickr pro at your sole risk and that
   Flickr shall not have any liability to you for content that may be
   found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.

10. LOCATION OF LAWSUIT

   The Yahoo! Terms of Service, which apply to your Flickr pro account,
   provides that both you and Flickr agree to submit to the personal and
   exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa
   Clara, California.

   THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE APPLIED TO FLICKR GIFT PURCHASES
   ONLY

1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

   Welcome to Flickr Gift Certificate. By purchasing a Flickr Gift
   Certificate, you agree to these Gift Purchaser Terms located at
   [7]http://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_purchaser.gne that supplement the
   Yahoo! Terms of Service ("TOS") located at
   [8]http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/, which are incorporated by
   reference.
   Separate Terms of Service govern the redemption and use of the gift
   certificate and the use of the product by the recipient, and must be
   agreed by the recipient of a gift certificate prior to redemption of
   the gift certificate and use of the product. Those terms are located at
   [9]http://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_redeemer.gne. Flickr reserves the
   right to update and change, from time to time, these Gift Purchaser
   Terms and all documents incorporated by reference. You can always find
   the most recent version of these Gift Purchaser Terms and the most
   recent version of the Yahoo! Terms of Service at the URLs indicated
   above.

2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE

   Certain Flickr services allow the purchase of gift certificates, in
   which the cost of a subscription to that service may be given to
   another user as a gift. Flickr Gift Certificates can only be purchased
   on the Flickr site, and a particular gift certificate may only be
   applied toward the purchase of the Flickr service for which it is being
   offered.

   Gift certificates can be purchased in set amounts to enable the
   recipient to receive the Flickr service for which the gift certificate
   is made available by Flickr. Flickr Gift Certificates may not be used
   to purchase other Flickr Gift Certificates or any other Yahoo! Services
   or Yahoo! Gift Certificates.

3. ELIGIBILITY

   A Flickr Gift Certificate may only be sold to persons above the age of
   13. Flickr reserves the right to restrict the availability of a Flickr
   Gift Certificate to residents of certain U.S. states, with or without
   notice.

   A Flickr Gift Certificate is intended for use as a gift to an
   individual. A Flickr Gift Certificate is non-transferable, and resale
   of a Flickr Gift Certificate or use for unauthorized advertising,
   marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly
   prohibited. You agree that Flickr has the right to suspend or terminate
   your account and refuse any and all current or future use of gift
   certificates and balances (or any portion thereof) obtained or used
   under such circumstances.

4. FLICKR ID REQUIREMENT

   In order to purchase a Flickr Gift Certificate, you must have a valid
   Yahoo! ID. You must also have a Yahoo! Wallet, which will save your
   credit card, billing and shipping information and other information
   (your "Registration Data"). If you do not have a Yahoo! ID or a Yahoo!
   Wallet, you will be prompted to complete the registration process for
   them before you can pay for the Services.

   To use Yahoo! Wallet, you must provide true, accurate, and current
   Registration Data and keep that information accurate. You, and not
   Yahoo!, are responsible for any and all purchases made through your
   Yahoo! Wallet account or in connection with your Yahoo! ID. Yahoo! is
   not responsible for unauthorized purchases or errors made using your
   Yahoo! ID or your Yahoo! Wallet account. You must resolve
   purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of
   your card to your credit card company, online payment service,
   merchant, or bank. Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may
   be limited by your card issuer's agreement with you and/or by
   applicable law. In addition to the uses of account information
   authorized by the TOS, Yahoo! may access, preserve, monitor and
   disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such
   action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or
   resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about the Service,
   provided, however, that nothing in this section shall impose a duty on
   Yahoo! to make any such disclosures.

5. FEES AND CHARGES

   Flickr may, upon notice required by applicable laws, at any time: (i)
   change the amount of, or basis for determining, any fee or charge
   related to any Flickr Gift Certificate, or (ii) institute new fees or
   charges related to a Flickr Gift Certificate.

6. NO REFUNDS

   Once your order is processed and confirmed by Flickr, your gift
   certificate purchase is final. You will not be able to cancel your
   Flickr gift certificate order, and you will not be entitled to any
   refunds or credits.

7. EXPIRATION

   A Flickr Gift Certificate does not expire. However, you understand and
   agree that receipt and acceptance of the Flickr Gift Certificate by
   your intended recipient will be deemed to have occurred when the
   recipient provides their consent to Flickr to receive the gift or, in
   the case of a gift generating a gift code, when the recipient enters
   the gift code associated with the Flickr Gift Certificate on to the
   Flickr site and successfully applies the value associated with that
   gift to their Flickr account. In the unlikely event that your Flickr
   Gift Certificate is not received and accepted by your intended
   recipient twelve (12) months from the date that your payment for such
   gift certificate is finalized, then the Flickr Gift Certificate will be
   applied to your own Flickr account. By way of example and not
   limitation, if you purchase a one year Flickr Gift Certificate and the
   intended recipient of the Flickr Gift Certificate does not receive and
   accept the one year certificate twelve (12) months from the date of
   payment, one year of Pro status will be added to your own Flickr
   account. There are presently no service fees for the maintenance of
   unaccepted Flickr Gift Certificates.

8. NO REPLACEMENT

   Flickr Gift Certificates will not be replaced if they are lost, stolen
   or used without permission.

9. TERMINATION

   Flickr reserves the right to close customer accounts and request
   alternative forms of payment if a Flickr Gift Certificate is
   fraudulently obtained or used on the Flickr site.

10. PRIVACY

   Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to
   our Privacy Policy. For more information, see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy
   at [10]http://privacy.yahoo.com/.

11. NO LIABILITY

   A Flickr Gift Certificate is provided "AS-IS," and Flickr assumes no
   responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery,
   misapplication or failure to store any user communications
   personalization settings, or balance.

References

   1. http://www.flickr.com/atos/pro#gift
   2. http://www.flickr.com/atos/pro/
   3. http://www.flickr.com/utos_detect.gne
   4. http://www.flickr.com/guidelines.gne
   5. http://flickr.com/help/limits/#28
   6. http://privacy.yahoo.com/
   7. http://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_purchaser.gne
   8. http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/
   9. http://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_redeemer.gne
  10. http://privacy.yahoo.com/
