   [1]Skip to Main Content Area
     * September 28, 2011 [2]Remember, the Streaming API is turning SSL
       only on September 29th | Read more →

   [3]Developers Search_________ Search
     * [4]API Status
     * [5]Blog
     * [6]Discussions
     * [7]Documentation
          + [8]Overview
          + [9]REST API
          + [10]Streaming API
          + [11]Twitter for Websites
          + [12]Recently updated
     * [13]Sign in

   [14]Home → [15]Documentation
   [16]Tweet

Developer Rules of the Road

   Last Update - 1st of June 2011

Rules of the Road

   Twitter maintains an open platform that supports the millions of people
   around the world who are sharing and discovering what's happening now.
   We want to empower our ecosystem partners to build valuable businesses
   around the information flowing through Twitter. At the same time, we
   aim to strike a balance between encouraging interesting development and
   protecting both Twitter's and users' rights.

   So, we've come up with a set of Developer Rules of the Road ("Rules")
   that describe the policies and philosophy around what type of
   innovation is permitted with the content and information shared on
   Twitter.

   The Rules will evolve along with our ecosystem as developers continue
   to innovate and find new, creative ways to use the Twitter API, so
   please check back periodically to see the most current version. Don't
   do anything prohibited by the Rules, but talk to us if you think we
   should make a change or give you an exception.

   If you will eventually need more than 5 million user tokens for your
   projects, you will need to talk to us directly about access to the
   Twitter API.

I. Twitter Content

   1. All use of the Twitter API and content, documentation, code, and
   related materials made available to you on or through Twitter ("Twitter
   Content") is subject to and must comply with these Rules. As a
   reminder, you and your Service are subject to the [17]Twitter Terms of
   Service.

   2. You may use the Twitter API and Twitter Content in connection with
   the products or services you provide (your "Service") to search,
   display, analyze, retrieve, view, and submit information to or on
   Twitter. You may use the Twitter name or logos and other brand elements
   that Twitter makes available in order to identify the source of Twitter
   Content ("Twitter Marks") subject to these Rules.

   3. Your use of the Twitter API and Twitter Content are subject to
   certain limitations on access, calls, and use as set forth in the
   Rules, on dev.twitter.com, or as otherwise provided to you by Twitter.
   If Twitter believes that you have attempted to exceed or circumvent
   these limitations, your ability to use the Twitter API and Twitter
   Content may be temporarily or permanently blocked. Twitter may monitor
   your use of the Twitter API to improve the Twitter service and to
   ensure your compliance with these Rules.

   4. You will not attempt or encourage others to:
    1. sell, rent, lease, sublicense, redistribute, or syndicate access to
       the Twitter API or Twitter Content to any third party without prior
       written approval from Twitter.
          + If you provide an API that returns Twitter data, you may only
            return IDs (including tweet IDs and user IDs).
          + You may export or extract non-programmatic, GUI-driven Twitter
            Content as a PDF or spreadsheet by using "save as" or similar
            functionality. Exporting Twitter Content to a datastore as a
            service or other cloud based service, however, is not
            permitted.
    2. remove or alter any proprietary notices or marks on the Twitter API
       or Twitter Content;
    3. use or access the Twitter API for purposes of monitoring the
       availability, performance, or functionality of any of Twitter's
       products and services or for any other benchmarking or competitive
       purposes; or
    4. use Twitter Marks in a manner that creates a sense of endorsement,
       sponsorship, or false association with Twitter. You may not use
       Twitter Marks as part of the name of your company or Service, or in
       any product, service, name field or logos created by you. All use
       of Twitter Marks, and all goodwill arising out of such use, will
       inure to Twitter's benefit.
    5. use or access the Twitter API to aggregate, cache (except as part
       of a Tweet), or store place and other geographic location
       information contained in Twitter Content.
    6. charge a premium for access to tweets via SMS other than your
       Service's standard data and usage rates.

   5. Your Service may be an application or client that provides major
   components of a Twitter-like end user experience (a "Client"). An
   example of a Client is a downloadable application that displays user
   timelines and allows users to create and search for tweets. If so,
   certain additional terms apply, including:
    1. Your Client must use the Twitter API as the sole source for
       features that are substantially similar to functionality offered by
       Twitter. Some examples include trending topics, who to follow, and
       suggested user lists.
    2. You may not pay, or offer to pay, third parties for distribution of
       your Client. This includes offering compensation for downloads
       (other than transactional fees), pre-installations, or other
       mechanisms of traffic acquisition.
    3. Your Client cannot frame or otherwise reproduce significant
       portions of the Twitter service. You should display Twitter Content
       from the Twitter API.
    4. Do not store non-public user profile data or content.
    5. You may not use Twitter Content or other data collected from end
       users of your Client to create or maintain a separate status update
       or social network database or service.

   6. You do not have a license to Twitter Content submitted through your
   Service other than the rights granted in the Rules.

II. Principles

   We ask that you and your Service follow four principles:
     * Don't surprise users
     * Don't create or distribute spam
     * Respect user privacy
     * Be a good partner to Twitter

1. Don't surprise users

    1. Maintain the integrity of Tweets. There is a lot of information
       packed into Tweets even though they are just 140 characters long
       (e.g., links to usernames). The [18]Display Guidelines are a part
       of the Rules and provide guidance on how to best convey all the
       intended information in a Tweet.
       A few highlights:
          + Don't edit or revise user-generated content delivered through
            the API except as necessary due to technical limitations or
            requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media.
          + Identify the user that authored or provided a Tweet unless you
            are either providing Tweets in an aggregate form, or need to
            make Tweets anonymous due to user privacy or security
            concerns.
    2. Get users' permission before:
          + sending Tweets or other messages on their behalf. A user
            authenticating through your application does not constitute
            consent to send a message.
          + modifying their profile information or taking account actions
            (including following, unfollowing, and blocking) on their
            behalf.
          + adding hashtags, annotations data, or other content to a
            user's Tweet. If your application allows users to send Tweets
            or other content to Twitter, show the user exactly what will
            be published.
          + republishing Twitter Content accessed through means other than
            via the Twitter API or other tools that may be provided to you
            by Twitter, or in a manner inconsistent with the Display
            Guidelines.
    3. Your Service should not:
          + use business names and/or logos in a manner that can mislead,
            confuse, or deceive users. For more information on use of
            Twitter Marks, see our trademark rules [19]here
          + confuse or mislead users about the source or purpose of your
            application.
          + use as its Application Website URL an unrelated URL, a site
            intended to entice or encourage users to violate our rules, a
            spam or malware site, or a shortened URL to mask the true
            destination.
          + replicate, frame, or mirror the Twitter website or its design.
          + impersonate or facilitate impersonation of others in a manner
            that can mislead, confuse, or deceive users.
    4. Respect the privacy and sharing settings of Twitter Content. Do not
       share, or encourage or facilitate the sharing of protected Twitter
       Content. Promptly change your treatment of Twitter Content (for
       example, deletions, modifications, and sharing options) as changes
       are reported through the Twitter API.

2. Don't create or distribute spam

    1. Spam can take many forms. Please abide by the spam rules [20]here.
    2. If your application performs automatic actions (including Tweeting
       or other content updates), make sure you comply with the Automation
       Rules found [21]here.
    3. Do not mass-register applications. This includes:
          + creating tokens/applications for the purpose of preventing
            others from using or selling those names, or other commercial
            use.
          + using feeds of third-party content to update and maintain
            accounts under the names of those third parties.
          + submitting multiple applications with the same function under
            different names for the purpose of name squatting.
    4. Do not facilitate or encourage the publishing of:
          + links to malicious content
          + pornographic or obscene images to user profile images and
            background images

3. Respect user privacy

    1. Your Service must display a privacy policy. Clearly disclose what
       you are doing with information you collect from users.
    2. Clearly disclose when you are adding location information to a
       user's Tweets, whether as a geotag or annotations data. Be clear
       about whether you are adding a place or specific coordinates. If
       your application allows users to Tweet with their location be sure
       that it complies with the best practices found [22]here.
    3. You should not solicit another developer's consumer keys or
       consumer secrets especially if they will be stored or used for
       actions outside of that developer's control. Keys and secrets that
       are compromised will be reset by Twitter. For example, online
       services that ask for these values in order to provide a
       "tweet-branding" service are not allowed.
    4. Do not facilitate or encourage the publishing of private or
       confidential information.

4. Be a good partner to Twitter

    1. If you display Tweets in an offline context, do so according to the
       guidelines found [23]here.
    2. Respect the features and functionality embedded with or included in
       Twitter Content or the Twitter API. Do not attempt to interfere
       with, intercept, disrupt, filter, or disable any features of the
       Twitter API or Twitter service, and you should only surface actions
       that are organically displayed on Twitter.
          + For example, your Service should execute the unfavorite and
            delete actions by removing all relevant messaging and Twitter
            Content, not by publicly displaying to other end users that
            the Tweet was unfavorited or deleted.
    3. If your application causes or induces user accounts to violate the
       [24]Twitter Rules (for example, by retweeting spam updates,
       repeatedly posting duplicate links, etc.), it may be suspended or
       terminated. We've provided some guidance in our [25]Abuse
       Prevention and Security help page.
    4. Respect the intellectual property rights of others.
    5. Do not use the Twitter Verified Account badge, Verified Account
       status, or any other enhanced user categorization on Twitter
       Content other than that reported to you by Twitter through the API.
    6. Twitter may suspend or revoke access if we believe you are in
       violation of the Rules or the spirit of these principles. If you
       are suspended, do not apply for or register additional API tokens.

III. Twitter Functionality in your Service

1. Twitter Login

   End users must be presented with the option to log into Twitter via the
   OAuth protocol. End users without a Twitter account should be given the
   opportunity to create a new Twitter account as provided by Twitter. You
   must display the Connect with Twitter option at least as prominently as
   the most prominent of any other third party social networking sign-up
   or sign-in marks and branding appearing on you Service.

2. General

    1. If you allow end users to create social updates from your own
       social service or a third party social networking, micro-blogging,
       or status update provider integrated into the your Service
       ("Update"), you must also display a prominent option to publish
       that content (or a link if the Update is not text or longer than
       140 characters) to Twitter. Only link back to the same Update or
       content on the other service if the Update is longer than 140
       characters.
    2. All URLs referencing content in the Update (for example, a web
       page, photo, video, or text longer than 140 characters) should
       direct users back to the page where that content is displayed,
       rather than any interstitial or intermediate page. You can require
       users to sign-in to access that page, but the content cannot
       otherwise be restricted from being viewed.
    3. If your service displays Updates commingled with Tweets, you must
       ensure that Tweets reference Twitter as the source.

3. Twitter Identity

   Once an end user has authenticated via Connect with Twitter, you must
   clearly display the end user's Twitter identity. Twitter identity
   includes visible display of the end user's avatar, Twitter user name,
   and the Twitter "bird" mark. Displays of the end user's followers on
   your Service must clearly show that the relationship is associated with
   the Twitter service.

IV. Commercial Use

   It is our goal to provide you, our ecosystem partner, with a policy
   that is clear and transparent about what you can do to monetize your
   Service. This is best summed up in two principles:
     * respect user content -- Tweets may be used in advertisements, not
       as advertisements.
     * respect user experience -- build your service around the timeline,
       not in the timeline.

    1. Twitter Ads. Twitter reserves the right to serve advertising via
       its APIs ("Twitter Ads"). If you decide to serve Twitter Ads once
       we start delivering them, we will share a portion of advertising
       revenue with you per our then-current terms and conditions.
    2. Advertising Around Twitter Content
         1. We encourage you to create advertising opportunities around
            Twitter content that are compliant with these Rules. In cases
            where Twitter Content is the primary basis of the advertising
            sale, we require you to compensate us (recoupable against any
            fees payable to Twitter for data licensing). For example, you
            may sell sponsorships or branding around gadgets or iframes
            that include Tweets and other customized visualizations of
            Twitter with prior permission.
         2. You may generally advertise around and on sites that display
            Tweets, but you may not place any advertisements within the
            Twitter timeline on your Service other than Twitter Ads.
         3. Your advertisements cannot resemble or reasonably be confused
            by users as a Tweet. For example, ads cannot have tweet
            actions like ReTweet, Favorite, and Reply. And you cannot sell
            tweet actions or the placement of tweet actions on your
            Service.
         4. You may advertise in close proximity to the Twitter timeline
            (e.g., banner ads above or below timeline), but there must be
            a clear separation between Twitter content and your
            advertisements.
    3. Using Twitter Content. Get the users' permission before:
          + using their content on a commercial durable good or product
            (for example, using a Tweet on a t-shirt or a poster or making
            a book based on someone's Tweets);
          + creating an advertisement that implies the sponsorship or
            endorsement on behalf of the user; or
          + using content in a manner that is inconsistent with the
            Display Guidelines and would require the user’s permission
            under applicable law.

V. Other Legal Terms

1. Termination.

   You may terminate any license in these Rules at any time by ceasing
   your access to the Twitter API and use of any Twitter Content, and
   deleting all copies of the Twitter API and Twitter Content as described
   below. Twitter may immediately suspend your access to the Twitter API
   or any Twitter Content (or if necessary, terminate this agreement with
   you) at any time, and without notice to you if you breach any term or
   condition in the Rules or otherwise engage in activities that Twitter
   reasonably determines are likely to cause liability to Twitter. Twitter
   may also terminate any licenses hereunder for any reason (including by
   email to the address associated with your account). Twitter will not be
   liable for any costs, expenses, or damages as a result of its
   termination of this agreement. Upon termination of this agreement, you
   will promptly cease accessing and using the Twitter API and Twitter
   Content and will delete all Twitter Content and any information derived
   therefrom and all copies and portions thereof, in all forms and types
   of media from your Service. Sections 1(4) and V of these Rules will
   survive the termination of this agreement.

2. Confidentiality.

   You may be given access to certain non-public information, software,
   and specifications relating to the Twitter API ("Confidential
   Information"), which is confidential and proprietary to Twitter. You
   may use this Confidential Information only as necessary in exercising
   your rights granted in these Rules. You may not disclose any of this
   Confidential Information to any third party without Twitter's prior
   written consent. You agree that you will protect this Confidential
   Information from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same
   manner that you would use to protect your own confidential and
   proprietary information of a similar nature and in any event with no
   less than a reasonable degree of care.

3. Ownership; Feedback.

   3.1 Twitter. You expressly acknowledge that Twitter and its end users
   retain all worldwide right, title and interest in and to the Twitter
   Content, including all intellectual property rights therein. You also
   acknowledge that as between you and Twitter, Twitter owns all right,
   title and interest in and to the Twitter API, Twitter Marks, and the
   Twitter service (and any derivative works or enhancements thereof),
   including but not limited to all intellectual property rights therein.
   You agree not to do anything inconsistent with such ownership. Any
   rights not expressly granted herein are withheld. You agree that you
   will not challenge Twitter's ownership of, the validity of any license
   to use, or otherwise copy or exploit the Twitter Marks during or after
   the termination of this agreement except as specifically authorized
   herein. If you acquire any rights in the Twitter Marks or any
   confusingly similar marks, by operation of law or otherwise, you will,
   at no expense to Twitter, immediately assign such rights to Twitter.

   3.2 You. As between you and Twitter, you retain all worldwide right,
   title and interest in and to your Service, excluding the Twitter API,
   Twitter Marks, and the Twitter Service (and any derivative works or
   enhancements thereof), including but not limited to all intellectual
   property rights therein. You may provide Twitter with comments
   concerning the Twitter Content or Twitter API or your evaluation and
   use thereof. You agree that Twitter and its designees will be free to
   copy, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, disclose,
   distribute, license and sublicense, incorporate, and otherwise use the
   feedback, including derivative works thereto, for any and all
   commercial and non-commercial purposes with no obligation of any kind
   to you.

4. Updates.

   Twitter may update or modify the Twitter API, Rules, and other terms
   and conditions, including the Display Guidelines, from time to time its
   sole discretion by posting the changes on this site or by otherwise
   notifying you (such notice may be via email). You acknowledge that
   these updates and modifications may adversely affect how your Service
   accesses or communicates with the Twitter API. If any change is
   unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate this agreement
   by ceasing all use of the Twitter API and Twitter Content. Your
   continued access or use of the Twitter API or any Twitter Content will
   constitute binding acceptance of the change.

5. Representations and Warranties; Disclaimer.

   5.1 Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that:
    1. you have the necessary power and authority to enter into this
       agreement, and that the performance of your obligations will not
       constitute a breach or otherwise violate any other agreement or the
       rights of any third party arising therefrom;
    2. you will maintain throughout the term of this agreement all rights
       and licenses that are required with respect to your Service; and
    3. your Service and its use, distribution, sale and license, including
       the use of any license hereunder, does and will continue to comply
       with all applicable foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules,
       and regulations.

   5.2 Disclaimer. THE TWITTER CONTENT, TWITTER API, AND ANY OTHER TWITTER
   PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ON AN
   "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TWITTER DISCLAIMS
   ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE,
   INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
   NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES
   OR CONDITIONS ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
   TWITTER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE TWITTER CONTENT AND TWITTER API AND
   ANY OTHER TWITTER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER WILL MEET
   ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT USE OF SUCH TWITTER CONTENT AND
   TWITTER API BE ERROR-FREE UNINTERRUPTED, VIRUS-FREE, OR SECURE.

6. Limitation of Liability.

   IN NO EVENT WILL TWITTER BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
   EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE,
   DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
   AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE TWITTER API, TWITTER CONTENT, OR OTHER
   TWITTER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY
   CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
   STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED
   OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS
   WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS
   AGREEMENT IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. IN ANY CASE,
   TWITTER'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE
   GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AGGREGATE FEES YOU PAID
   FOR ACCESS TO THE TWITTER API IN THE LAST YEAR.

7. Indemnification.

   You will indemnify, defend, and hold Twitter, its subsidiaries,
   affiliates, officers, and employees, harmless from any and all claims,
   damages, losses, liabilities, actions, judgments, costs, and expenses
   (including reasonable attorneys' fees) brought by a third party arising
   out of or in connection with: (a) any act or omission by you, in
   connection with your use of the Twitter Content, the Twitter API, or
   the Twitter Marks; (b) your use of the Twitter Content, the Twitter
   API, or the Twitter Marks other than as expressly allowed by this
   agreement; (c) your breach or alleged breach of any of the terms,
   restrictions, obligations or representations under this agreement; or
   (d) your Service. You will assume control of the defense and settlement
   of any claim subject to indemnification by you. Twitter may, however,
   at any time elect to take over control of the defense and settlement of
   any such claim. In any event, you will not settle any such claim
   without Twitter's prior written consent.

8. Miscellaneous.

   These Rules constitute the entire agreement among the parties with
   respect to the subject matter and supersedes and merges all prior
   proposals, understandings and contemporaneous communications. Any
   modification to the Rules by you must be in a writing signed by both
   you and Twitter. You may not assign any of the rights or obligations
   granted hereunder, voluntarily or by operation of law (including
   without limitation in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of
   assets) except with the express written consent of Twitter, and any
   attempted assignment in violation of this paragraph is void. This
   agreement does not create or imply any partnership, agency or joint
   venture. This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
   with the laws of the State of California, without regard to or
   application of conflicts of law rules or principles. All claims arising
   out of or relating to this agreement will be brought exclusively in the
   federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, USA, and
   you consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. No waiver by
   Twitter of any covenant or right under this agreement will be effective
   unless memorialized in a writing duly authorized by Twitter. If any
   part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by
   a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to
   the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of this
   agreement will remain in full force and effect.

   View the [26]API Terms of Service: Archive or [27]the most recent
   changes.
   [28]Follow @twitterapi
     * [29]API Terms
     * [30]API Status
     * [31]Blog
     * [32]Discussions
     * [33]Documentation
     * [34]A Drupal community site supported by Acquia

References

   1. https://dev.twitter.com/terms/api-terms#content-main
   2. https://dev.twitter.com/blog/streaming-api-turning-ssl-only-september-29th
   3. https://dev.twitter.com/
   4. https://dev.twitter.com/status
   5. https://dev.twitter.com/blog
   6. https://dev.twitter.com/discussions
   7. https://dev.twitter.com/docs
   8. https://dev.twitter.com/docs
   9. https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api
  10. https://dev.twitter.com/docs/streaming-api
  11. https://dev.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-websites
  12. https://dev.twitter.com/docs/recent
  13. https://dev.twitter.com/user/login?destination=node%2F110
  14. https://dev.twitter.com/
  15. https://dev.twitter.com/docs
  16. http://twitter.com/share
  17. http://twitter.com/tos
  18. https://dev.twitter.com/pages/display_guidelines
  19. http://support.twitter.com/articles/77641
  20. http://support.twitter.com/articles/18311#spam
  21. http://support.twitter.com/articles/76915
  22. https://dev.twitter.com/pages/geo_dev_guidelines
  23. http://support.twitter.com/articles/114233
  24. http://support.twitter.com/articles/18311
  25. http://support.twitter.com/articles/79901
  26. https://dev.twitter.com/terms/api-terms/archive
  27. https://dev.twitter.com/terms/api-terms/diff
  28. http://twitter.com/twitterapi
  29. https://dev.twitter.com/terms/api-terms
  30. https://dev.twitter.com/status
  31. https://dev.twitter.com/blog
  32. https://dev.twitter.com/discussions
  33. https://dev.twitter.com/docs
  34. http://www.acquia.com/
